Wrote a blogpost for the ELIXIR all hands meeting 2024 (#2927)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2024-06-10-elixir-all-hands-meeting/index.md

> On the second day of the event, the [Tackling single-cell data management and interoperability in Galaxy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ykadI4A8l4wrviaBunan4ujxU36sJCk5_ZUOZTw_XU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.gjdgxs) session discussed the advancements of analysis tool suites and the abundance of data. Poor interoperability of diverse single-cell data types has been identified as a challenge in this field. New tools and regular releases of R and Python tools bring new data formats, many of which lack backward compatibility, posing challenges for tutorial and workflow sustainability. In this session, ELIXIR members explored incorporating ELIXIR data management techniques and how to use available tools such as the ELIXIR single-cell RDM toolkit to assist users in standardizing RDM and data interoperability. Dr. Wendi Bacon and Dr. Pavankumar Videm [presented](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CM0bFJFuYezVOqNyFsZp2BrsygGRYMs43p1ColbYihI/edit#slide=id.g268ba6ba735_0_0) the lifetime of single-cell data on Galaxy and explored the problems in standards and data formats. Participants in this workshop were divided into groups to create and test workflows and documentation, incorporate public metadata standards into the workflows, and expand the [ELIXIR-RDM toolkit page](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/single_cell_sequencing) applicable standards. The output of these workflows was formatted in the research object crate (RO-Crate) format, which is compliant with ELIXIR specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the second day of the event, the [Tackling single-cell data management and interoperability in Galaxy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ykadI4A8l4wrviaBunan4ujxU36sJCk5_ZUOZTw_XU/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.gjdgxs) session discussed the advancements of analysis tool suites and the abundance of data. Poor interoperability of diverse single-cell data types has been identified as a challenge in this field. New tools and regular releases of R and Python tools bring new data formats, many of which lack backward compatibility, posing challenges for tutorial and workflow sustainability. In this session, ELIXIR members explored incorporating ELIXIR data management techniques and how to use available tools such as the ELIXIR single-cell RDM toolkit to assist users in standardizing RDM and data interoperability. Dr. Wendi Bacon and Dr. Pavankumar Video [presented](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1CM0bFJFuYezVOqNyFsZp2BrsygGRYMs43p1ColbYihI/edit#slide=id.g268ba6ba735_0_0) the lifecycle of single-cell data on Galaxy and explored the problems in standards and data formats. Participants in this workshop were divided into groups, led as well by Björn Grüning & Wolfgang Maier ran breakout groups. to create and test workflows and documentation, incorporate public metadata standards into the workflows, and expand the [ELIXIR-RDM toolkit page](https://rdmkit.elixir-europe.org/single_cell_sequencing) applicable standards. The output of these workflows is formatted in the research object crate (RO-Crate) format, which is compliant with ELIXIR specifications.
```

Author: Thanks. I did the suggested changes. I could not commit your suggestions directly, because Pavan's last name had a typo. Your suggestions are now in the text.

> On the third day of the event, during the [EXLIXIR Cloud - A roadmap towards operationalisation and expansion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iMhd4cjVKOhoTaTDjk616VIuanQyDhgjOak0e3izLAE/edit?tab=t.0) workshop, the members discussed the ELIXIR Cloud, which is a modular and interoperable cloud infrastructure for genome-scale data analysis. This is based on community standards established by the [Global Alliance for Genomics and Health (GA4GH)](https://www.ga4gh.org/). Stian Soiland-Reyes demonstrated [WorkflowHub cloud integration in ELIXIR](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SQGTaBvNxWF5gMrH3e_3Wpl7xX-6Z8Ho/edit#slide=id.g2e15719ef5d_0_103). WorkflowHub standardizes metadata and allows you to link publications, datafiles, workflows, and protocols, as well as execute, publish, and cite workflows. Workflowhub can accommodate a wide range of workflow systems, including CWL, Galaxy, NextFlow, and RO-Crate. It also supports integration with GitHub, GitLab, [Galaxy IWC](https://iwc.galaxyproject.org/), and [Nextflow nf-core](https://nf-co.re/). WorkflowHub also provides the framework for publishing and sharing workflows with DOIs using [DataCite](https://datacite.org/), [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/), [ORCID](https://orcid.org/), and the [COVID-19 Data Portal](https://www.covid19dataportal.org/). In this session, Dr. Björn Grüning demonstrated the Galaxy's [federated storage](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SQGTaBvNxWF5gMrH3e_3Wpl7xX-6Z8Ho/edit#slide=id.g2e15719ef5d_0_124). [Data Repository Service (DRS), Task Execution Service (TES), Beacon APIs as well as Tool Registry Service (TRS)](https://galaxyproject.org/ga4gh/) were presented during this workshop. The challenges of increasing storage requirements, as well as recent Galaxy advancements (e.g., deferred data, temporary additional storage space up to 4 weeks, export to long-term archives, and BYOS), were discussed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the third day of the event, during the [ELIXIR Cloud - A roadmap towards operationalisation and expansion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iMhd4cjVKOhoTaTDjk616VIuanQyDhgjOak0e3izLAE/edit?tab=t.0) workshop, the members discussed the ELIXIR Cloud, which is a modular and interoperable cloud infrastructure for genome-scale data analysis. This is based on community standards established by the [Global Alliance for Genomics and Health (GA4GH)](https://www.ga4gh.org/). Stian Soiland-Reyes demonstrated [WorkflowHub cloud integration in ELIXIR](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SQGTaBvNxWF5gMrH3e_3Wpl7xX-6Z8Ho/edit#slide=id.g2e15719ef5d_0_103). WorkflowHub standardizes metadata and allows you to link publications, datafiles, workflows, and protocols, as well as execute, publish, and cite workflows. Workflowhub can accommodate a wide range of workflow systems, including CWL, Galaxy, NextFlow, and RO-Crate. It also supports integration with GitHub, GitLab, [Galaxy IWC](https://iwc.galaxyproject.org/), and [Nextflow nf-core](https://nf-co.re/). WorkflowHub also provides the framework for publishing and sharing workflows with DOIs using [DataCite](https://datacite.org/), [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/), [ORCID](https://orcid.org/), and the [COVID-19 Data Portal](https://www.covid19dataportal.org/). In this session, Dr. Björn Grüning demonstrated the Galaxy's [federated storage](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SQGTaBvNxWF5gMrH3e_3Wpl7xX-6Z8Ho/edit#slide=id.g2e15719ef5d_0_124). [Data Repository Service (DRS), Task Execution Service (TES), Beacon APIs as well as Tool Registry Service (TRS)](https://galaxyproject.org/ga4gh/) were presented during this workshop. The challenges of increasing storage requirements, as well as recent Galaxy advancements (e.g., deferred data, temporary additional storage space up to 4 weeks, export to long-term archives, and BYOS), were discussed.
```

Author: Thanks. I did the change in the same commit as above.
